OCPBUGS-16168:provides note on race condition in ovn-k (#68968)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/configuring-ovnk-additional-networks.adoc

The {openshift-networking} OVN-Kubernetes network plugin allows the configuration of secondary network interfaces for pods. To configure secondary network interfaces, you must define the configurations in the `NetworkAttachmentDefinition` custom resource (CR).

[NOTE]
====

> Pod and multi-network policy creation may remain in a pending state until the associated `network-attachment-definition` CR is processed by the OVN-Kubernetes control plane agent in the nodes.

Reviewer: Could swap around to avoid passive:
```suggestion
Pod and multi-network policy creation may remain in a pending state until the OVN-Kubernetes control plane agent in the nodes processes the associated `network-attachment-definition` CR.
```
